JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: Officials at
Princeton University insisted
that a Chinese-American
graduate student jailed
in Iran is innocent.
Iranian courts announced
on Sunday that Xiyue
Wang was sentenced to
10 years in prison for
spying.
He was arrested last August.
Princeton says that Wang
was conducting research
for his doctorate.
Separately, Iran announced
that President Hassan Rouhani's
brother has been arrested
on allegations of
financial misconduct.
In Jordan, a soldier
was sentenced today to
life in prison at hard
labor for killing three
U.S. Army Green Berets.
He said he fired on the
military trainers last November
because he thought his base
was under attack.
After the sentencing
today, relatives of the
Americans condemned the
sentence, which could
let the killer go
free in 20 years.
JAMES MORIARTY, Father of Slain
Soldier: He gets out -- the
day he gets out, my daughters
will serve another 30
years after that without
the love of their brother,
and that's outrageous.
I would kill him myself if
I had the ability to do so,
and I wish they had hung him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The families
were shown security camera
footage of the attack.
They say that it shows
the Jordanian soldier
firing for six minutes,
even after the Americans
had identified themselves.
The United Nations reports
that the war in Afghanistan
is killing more civilians than
ever.
A new report says more than
1,600 died in the first half
of this year, and some 3,500
others were wounded.
It also says that deaths and
injuries from Taliban suicide
bombings rose by 15 percent.
The Taliban dismissed the
report as propaganda material.
The United Arab Emirates flatly
denied today that it hacked
into Qatar's state news agency
Web sites in May, and
planted false stories.
Four Arab countries severed
ties with Qatar after its emir
was falsely quoted as praising
Hamas and Iran.
The Washington Post reported
the hack, but, in London today,
the UAE's foreign minister
pushed back.
ANWAR MOHAMMED QARQASH, UAE
Foreign Minister: Our embassy in
Washington has put these denials
in place, and I think this is
a crisis and There IS is a lot
of rumors And a lot of false
news and stories.
And this is going to die out.
It is not true.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The FBI
is working with Qatar to
investigate the incident.
Authorities in Arizona searched
again today for one person
still missing after a flash
flood killed nine
people on Saturday.
Cell phone video captured the
deluge as it swept through
Tonto National Forest, 100 miles
northeast of Phoenix.
The water at the swimming
site rose as high as
six feet, triggered by
a heavy thunderstorm.
All of the dead, including
five children, were part
of an extended family.
The Trump administration says
it will let an extra 15,000
foreign workers into the country
this budget year on
temporary seasonal visas.
Homeland Security Secretary
John Kelly calls it
a one-time extension.
The announcement came today
as the president promoted Made
in America Week, showcasing
domestically made goods.
On Wall Street today, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
eight points to close at 21629.
The Nasdaq rose about
two points, and the S&P
500 gave up a fraction.
And a video of a young model
wearing a miniskirt is causing
an uproar in deeply conservative
Saudi Arabia.
A video over the weekend
showed her walking around a
historic site north of Riyadh.
State media reports that
she could face legal action.
The country's dress code
for women mandates long,
loose-fitting robes.